Jim Holly supercross race day live and
it is Anaheim 109 here's the rookie
making his move up to the big bike class
the 450 but you know what you got a lot
of championships under your belt and
that Lites class I think you'll handle
it just fine Ryan Villopoto you know
we'll see it's a obviously the the first
race everybody's uh it's all what
everybody's talking about now so um just
get get through this first race get my
feet wet and then you know after get a
few races in its everything's calmed
down a little bit and so then it's then
it's just really racing so that's what
that's what I really want to do this
weekend and just get through the weekend
and if I get on the box and then I'll be
happy it sounds like to me like a lot of
the rookies coming in that that's the
key thing let's just you know I don't
know where I'm gonna be at man let's
just you realistically look at it let's
go out and have fun and see where I
finish and let's build from there yeah I
mean it's kind of hard to when you step
in a new class it doesn't matter if it's
250 F class the 450 you don't know where
you're at so if you're able to just go
in there and do your 15 or do your 20
laps clean and figure out where you're
at then it's a normally a lot easier
it's going to be a long season for you
know night I mean normally used to do in
eight races either on the West or the
East but now it's 17 rounds in the 450
class yeah it's definitely going to be a
it's going to be a long season that's
probably one of the biggest changes that
that we go through is the amount of
racing it's a lot more and and the
injuries play you know a little bit of a
role in it so you gotta stay away from
the injuries and make sure you're you
know stay consistent you mentioned Ryan
some of those changes one of the changes
that I've seen in you is is the size of
you man you getting so let me see those
guns man football ethic come on let's
see those cigs a look at that what do
you mean there ain't nothing there man
you put on some weight you put some
muscle on yeah you definitely have to
you know try to get bigger or get better
for the 450 it's a lot faster and a
little more weight to it so I mean I
tried to do what I could do and and just
in the back of your mind you got to know
that it's a lot faster and then when it
by two it bites you you know twice as
hard so it's because it's a little bit
heavier and in a lot faster so
it uh you just gotta you know watch pick
and choose you know why are you pushing
where you don't a little bit easier to
do some of the step on and step-offs in
the triple with that extra power mean
did you can find yourself the first time
on a supercross track on a 40-goal wow
man I over-jumped that triple yeah it's
definitely nice to have the power but
obviously like I said the power can also
get you in trouble so yeah there's
obviously gives and takes the 450 does
stuff good the 250f just the stuff good
and they both do stuff bad so you nuts
that's the real that's the real thing is
you have a lot of power in but then you
you know you sacrifice a little bit of
the you know you have the weight and
obviously it might be a little harder to
turn because you're trying to turn you
know the bike that's way faster so i
think we all battle with that a little
bit on you know just moving up to the
450 it's a totally different bike and
and I've always heard you know does i
don't i don't care what bike it is
there's always you know goods and bads
about it and obviously with with
Kawasaki in the honda suzuki being a new
such a new bike it's for me anyways i'm
not going to know the the bad point
about it yet until i think i actually go
out there and race it so as of right now
my bike seems awesome but we're ready to
go back out and test monday you know if
we need to so so i think we're all ready
one of the things that you know I'd
watched your career ever since you're on
in 85cc in Las Vegas at the US Open and
come through and win all those
championships on the outdoors ninos but
something I always thought that was
pretty cool that you did in your career
is you rode the East Coast and you rode
the west coast therefore when you make
that transition in the supercross track
you know what the tracks are like on the
East Coast a little bit yeah you gotta
you gotta feeling both out and get get
the best of both worlds and definitely
East Coast is a lot different so you got
to get out there and ride it and see how
it is looks like it might be a little
bit soft here a lot of moisture in the
ground we've had a lot of rain in
southern california you like the ruts
yeah you know it looks like it's going
to be good it looks like it's tacky you
know they're just building it right now
so it it should set up a little bit more
and who knows how ready we'll get but
you know it looks like we're going to
have a good good good track for tomorrow
night for the people watching this video
did you run a step in the seat on a
light spike yeah so you made that
transition see
have a step obviously in the 450 yeah it
definitely should be a lot bigger though
well hopefully ryan villopoto can get
that kawasaki up on the podium and he
can make that nice transition from the
lights into the Supercross class